Previously on Grimm...
What have you done?
I don't have any powers.
You've taken everything.
Farley Kolt.
Put the coins on the bed. No.
You'll never find them again.
What the hell?
He's not himself.
He's been acting weird.
I'm just, you know,
worried about him after what he saw.
Has he said anything?
No, but I can tell there's
something not right.
Hank's got to be shook up
about this in some way.
You know, I mean whether
he's talking about it or not,
when I saw him looking up at me,
he was freaked.
And it's a look I've seen before,
let me tell you.
I'm sure you're hoping
it will just go away
and he won't say anything,
but look.
This is not, like,
your ordinary nightmare, okay?
He knows he was awake.
And his brain is trying to
process the un-processable.
I mean, what did you think
when you first saw one Woge?
I thought I was going crazy.
Right, well...
Hank's probably going through
the same thing, you know?
You know, with you,
it was one thing.
He was hit. He was knocked out.
He was a little dazed.
But, I mean,
he saw Brinkerhoff change.
That is so not going
to make it any easier.
Trust me, mental hospitals
are chock-full of people
who have spent their lives
trying to wrap their minds
around things they've
seen and can't explain.
Great.
But hey, look, with Hank,
maybe it'll be different, you know?
He's a cop. He's already
seen a bunch of crazy stuff.
With any luck, it'll wear off
in a couple, three years.
MAN ON PHONE: Hello.
I found your friend.
Marquesa.
It's time for you to get
on a plane to Portland.
Thanks.
You don't look like
you slept too well.
I didn't.
What's going on?
The usual suspects,
tossing and turning.
Must have been something I ate.
What did you get from Interpol?
File on Akira Kimura.
Oh, yeah.
One of the guys responsible
for killing your parents.
It's a great way to start your day.
And get this, they tied
him to the beating death
of a coin collector in Hamburg.
Turns out the victim
was the dealer who sold
the three gold coins to Sam
Bertram here in Portland.
I'm not sad those
coins disappeared.
You know, that's a
nasty-looking guy.
What the hell is that
thing on his face?
It's called the Aegishjalmur.
And that means what?
"Helm of Awe."
It's a symbol the Vikings
wore for invincibility.
You know what?
I'm going to trust my flak jacket.
We got our last known
whereabouts on Mr. Invincible?
Lisbon. Fourteen months ago.
Welcome to the
Portland Governor, sir.
Where's Marquesa?
I found a lot more than him.
I've got something
very special for you.
Why don't you come on out
and see your new home?
That's a good girl.
Marquesa was tied to a
jewelry store robbery
here in Portland
two-and-a-half months ago.
The owner, Sam Bertram,
was killed during the robbery.
Now after that, Marquesa
killed a police officer,
gained access to the
precinct using his uniform
in an attempt to get
at a police captain.
That's where I became intrigued.
I couldn't figure out why Marquesa
went after a police captain
after he pulled off a heist.
So I did a little more
digging on your behalf,
and that's when I found out...
There were three
gold coins discovered
in that jeweler's stomach
the night he was killed.
Now I got all this from
the coroner's report.
How did you get this report?
'Cause ex New York City cops
generally get what they want,
which brings me to my next subject.
These are the two detectives
that handled the case
And killed Marquesa.
This is Captain Renard,
the guy Marquesa went after.
This guy?
I don't know how he
figures into everything.
He's a local guy. Repairs clocks.
I believe he's a police informant.
And I think one of these men
either has the coins or
knows where they are.
Our deal was for me
to find Marquesa.
Well, I did that.
These coins, however, present a
whole new business opportunity.
So you want to be my partner?
This is the guy
Marquesa went after.
That's him coming out of his condo.
I got names and addresses
on all of them.
You need me.
Not anymore.
Hey, wait a minute!
So, Mr. Adams,
you must have found something
that wasn't good for you.
Adalind?
Hi, Juliette.
I'm glad you remember me.
Of course I remember you.
Well, I just wasn't
sure if I should come by
since things didn't work
out with Hank, you know.
Oh, stop.
I don't take my patients based
on their owners' social lives.
I'm glad you came in,
and I'm glad you brought your cat.
Well, I am relieved to hear that
because Majique seems
to be pretty sick.
Oh, no. What seems to be the
problem with Miss Majique?
She's just not herself.
She's sluggish. She won't eat.
I'm pretty worried.
Do you think it's serious?
Well, I hope not,
but I'm probably going to want
to keep her overnight
to run some tests.
Oh, you seem to have the touch.
Majique! Ow!
I'm so sorry. Are you okay?
Yeah, it's an occupational hazard.
I'm sure she didn't mean it.
She's a good kitty,
aren't you, Majique?
Hey.
Where's the body?
First floor, room at the back.
It's a little messy.
Well, what do we know?
Uh, male, mid-40s.
Looks like somebody took a
weed whacker to this throat.
Checked in three weeks ago
under the name Nathaniel Adams.
Clerk says he kept to himself,
paid his rent, listed his
home as New York City.
There was no sign of forced entry.
Maid discovered the
body about an hour ago.
You weren't kidding
about the weed whacker.
Looks more like a hatchet.
Except his head's still here.
Who rolled the body? Nobody.
That's the way the maid
said she found him.
Well, this body's been rolled.
The pattern on the carpet
matches the blood on his shirt.
That could have been the killer.
There's no wallet, nothing in
his pockets. Maybe a robbery.
There's nothing in the
room except for a coat
Got it. hanging behind
the bathroom door.
There's a key here.
Looks like a rental.
There we go.
Hey, we got some
equipment back here.
Cameras, lenses, monopod.
Let's see what he was
taking pictures of.
Download's done.
Let's see what this
guy was shooting.
I hope it's not
something too gross.
What the hell?
Why's this guy watching us?
I don't know. Better find out.
All right, we better tell
the Captain. I'll call him.
Might be a good idea to put
some uniforms at our houses.
Got it. I'll send one
to the Captain's.
Oh, no. Patty.
Where are the coins?
Where are they?
Who are you?
I'm the one who asks the questions.
Where are the coins?
I don't have them.
They were taken from me.
Give me his name.
Farley Kolt.
Kolt does not have them.
I found him in Los Angeles.
I wasted three days finding
out he didn't have them.
I don't plan to waste
that much time with you.
Look, I told you,
I don't have the coins.
Where are the coins?
Captain? Sergeant Wu.
Detective Griffin wanted me
to come over and check on you.
Captain?
If you can hear me,
please open the door.
Captain?
Listen, I'm not sure he's home.
I'm going to get the
key from the super.
Stay here.
Hey.
You locate the Captain?
No. Not yet. Knocked
on his door, no answer.
Checked his car.
It was in his parking space.
Just got the key to his condo
from the building super.
Let's do this.
He's down!
Radio for backup.
I'm going to need
backup and an ambulance
at the Captain's residence.
He's alive.
His housekeeper's not.
He wanted the coins that
were stolen from the jeweler.
I told him Farley Kolt had them.
And he said he found
Kolt in Los Angeles,
spent three days with him,
and was sure he didn't.
You might want to check with LAPD
if Kolt's body has been found.
I doubt he left him alive.
And if he didn't wind up
with the coins, who did?
Maybe he got rid of them before
this guy caught up with him.
I don't think this guy thought so.
That's why he's here in Portland.
He had photos of all of us.
Me, Nick, and you, Captain.
They were taken by a private
investigator from New York.
His body was found this
morning at a downtown hotel.
And we found a camera in
the trunk of a rental car.
Downloaded the photos.
That's why we came after you.
That's lucky for me.
He had no intention
of leaving me alive.
You get a good look at him? Yeah.
Asian, mid-40s,
he had a tattoo on
the side of his head.
Sounds like the picture of
the guy out of New York.
What picture? Akira Kimura.
Who is he?
Yeah. That's the same guy.
Akira Kimura.
He was somehow connected to
my case on Roth and Flynn.
The guys who came
for the coins. Yeah.
God knows those coins
aren't healthy to be around.
And we did a little more digging,
found out Kimura is tied to
a secret organization
called the Dragon's Tongue.
It was founded in 1901,
connected to the Japanese Imperial Army.
It went underground after the
Japanese defeat in World War ll.
But it appears the
organization has resurfaced
with ties to the Yakuza.
We got a report that
Kimura was identified
by state police in Hamburg,
Germany, three months ago.
Now he's here.
I want you to tear this town apart
and find this son of a bitch.
We think he hired a private
investigator out of New York.
We found photos of you.
And me, Hank, the Captain,
everybody on this
investigator's camera.
The same investigator
we found dead today.
We think Kimura killed him.
Why would he kill the guy he hired?
Remember those coins I
was telling you about?
Oh, yeah. Everybody died?
Why would this guy
come after me, man?
I've never even seen the coins.
He probably won't,
but we don't know that for sure.
Now all three guys involved
in the jewelry store robbery
were also involved in the
killing of my parents.
I just found out Kimura
was tied to them.
He might be the last link I
have to find out why my parents
were killed and who killed them.
Okay. I got it.
He's super dangerous, and you want
to catch this piece of garbage alive.
I want him alone,
and not in an interrogation room.
So you want a little Grimm time?
Yeah.
I could probably
help you with that.
I think I found just what you need.
Says here this Grimm captured this
Siegbarste with his trusty crossbow
and an arrow filled
with Schlaftrunk,
which is basically
a sleeping toxin.
He was able to subdue the big
fella with one shot to the neck.
And they were able
to keep him alive?
Uh, yeah. Just long enough
to draw and quarter him,
which is actually not
as easy as it seems.
You need a lot of ropes and chains
and, like,
a minimum of four horses,
but all you need is
some Schlaftrunk.
Let's hope your aunt has some.
Got it.
How much do we need?
There's not much left.
Um, they don't really
say in the book.
Here.
Well...
If you're supposed
to use an eyedropper,
I'd say a little
probably goes a long way.
It better.
Thanks for looking out.
Juliette? I'm upstairs.
Coming down.
Hey. Hey.
I don't really feel like cooking.
Do you? No.
Where do you want to go?
I was hoping that you would ask.
I made a reservation
at Laurelhurst Market.
One at 9:00 in your name
and one at 10:00 in my name
just in case, you know.
Just in case what? I don't know.
Things have been going pretty
well lately. Knock on wood.
Uh-huh. Keep going.
Well, you've been around a little bit more.
A little bit more attentive.
Mmm.And?
Ooh.
What bit you today? Not a bite.
It's just a scratch.
From a...
Dog? Uh-uh.
Cat? Uh-uh.
Bird? Uh-uh.
Wolf? Mmm.
Guinea pig, sidewinder, what?
Just a cat.
Just a cat?
You never talk about
your patients that way.
What, did you have to put one down?
No. I wasn't going to tell you.
Tell me what? You promise
you won't get mad?
About a cat? Why would
I get mad about a cat?
It was Adalind's cat,
and I know that you don't like her,
and she knows that, too.
She didn't even
want me to tell you.
Let me see that.
Nick, what's the matter with you?
Take it easy.
How long ago did this happen?
Today, just before lunch.
Baby, I get scratches all the time.
Not like this you don't.
You don't understand.
Yeah, I don't understand.
You're getting all
worked up about nothing.
You don't know her like I do. Okay?
You know, you said that once before.
What does that mean?
Okay, we need to get you
to a doctor right now
and get that thing checked out.
I'm not going to a
doctor for a cat scratch.
Listen, your life
could be in danger.
That's ridiculous.
Juliette. I'm tired of this.
You don't understand what she is.
What? What is she, Nick?
She's an attractive,
successful woman.
You saved her life once.
I don't know what it is
you have against her now.
What is it that
you're not telling me?
Do you have some kind of
relationship with her?
No. Then what is it?
She's a witch, okay?
You're going to need to
try a little harder, Nick.
What? Does she ride a broom?
Because I distinctly remember
her getting into a BMW.
You don't know what's
going on here, Juliette.
Then isn't it about
time you tell me?
You're going to the doctor.
I told you,
I'm not going to a doctor
till you tell me why
you're acting so crazy.
Okay.
You want the truth?
Yeah, the truth would be nice.
Get your coat.
I told you,
I'm not going to a doctor.
I know.
You want the truth,
you're going to get it.
All right, I guess I
should have figured
this would have something
to do with Aunt Marie.
Nick, I've been inside
your aunt's trailer.
I've seen all the
crazy stuff in there.
I don't know what you
expect to show me
that I haven't already seen.
Juliette, please.
Look, if you want to understand why
I was attacked in our house...
Run!
If you want to understand why my
aunt was attacked on the street...
And if you want to know why you
were kidnapped by that crazy woman.
Time for you to scream.
You're just going to have
to trust me on this one.
Okay.
How often do you come here?
Whenever I have a problem
I can't figure out.
What kinds of problems
would lead you here?
Something started happening to me
around the time my aunt died.
I guess it was destined to happen.
I just didn't know about it yet.
I started seeing things
I couldn't explain,
and I thought I was going crazy.
But before she died, she told me
that some of my other relatives
have this same problem, ability...
Whatever you want to call it.
This trailer is filled with
things you can't believe.
It's the history of
my ancestors who were,
now stay with me,
sort of like hunters.
What did they hunt?
See, this is where it gets a
little difficult to explain.
Yeah, you're going to have to try.
I know. I know.
Okay, this is going to
sound a little weird,
and I know it's going to
sound a little weird, okay?
Here goes.
I can see things that...
That what?
That most people can't.
You mean, like, ghosts?
No. No. Not the dead.
Well, that's good.
Look, apparently my
ancestors from Germany,
the Grimms, who I guess
I'm related to on
my mother's side of the family,
had the same ability.
What kind of ability
are we talking about?
See these books?
They're filled with drawings
made by my ancestors
and some other people who
had the same ability.
And the drawings are of Wesen,
which is how they like
to refer to themselves.
Who, the Grimms?
No, the Wesen.
And that's what I can see.
What the Grimms could see.
And there are all kinds of them.
They're kind of like species
that exist within us.
Some of us.
Anyway, there's Blutbad
and Bauerschwein,
Fuchsbau, Eisbibers.
Remember that fire dancer Ariel?
Yeah. She was a Daemonfeuer.
A dragon thing.
And they're all in
these books. Look.
Lowen are a kind of lion.
Look at the picture here.
Juliette, I mean,
I'm not making this up.
I mean these Lowen were
running an illegal fight ring
that dates back to the
time of the gladiators.
They were fighting with these.
Ancient weapons.
This is a morning star.
There's a rifle in here that shoots
special bullets to
kill Siegbarstes.
But first, you have to dip
them in this stuff here.
This stuff right here.
Siegbarste Gift.
"Gift" means "poison" in German.
The point is, I can see these Wesen
in what you would see as a
perfectly normal person.
When they go through
something called the Woge,
which is kind of like
this emotional surge,
that's when I can see them.
I know how this must sound,
but I swear to God, it's all true.
Look, you want to see
who Adalind really is?
This is what Adalind really is,
a Hexenbiest.
Juliette, you got to
read some of this stuff.
I mean, the stuff's
that's in English,
because most of it's in German.
And there's actually some of it in French,
Spanish, and even Latin.
Oh, there's some of it in Japanese.
They all look like stories
you'd read in a book,
but they're not. They're real.
There are things in this
trailer that you can't believe.
Uh...
Cameras
and film of Hitler
and the Verrat shooting
people in 1936.
The Verrat worked with
the seven royal families,
which I'm just beginning
to learn about.
Juliette, I can't tell you
how it all fits together.
Even my parents were
killed because of this.
My aunt was a Grimm
all these years.
I didn't even know it. Look.
I can show you film right
here that will blow your mind.
Juliette!
I know how this sounds.
This is why I didn't want to tell you.
This is why my aunt told
me I shouldn't be with you.
You need to talk to somebody,
Nick, but it's not me.
Juliette, I'm trying to explain.
Okay.
Okay, remember that hair you found
on the horse when it was attacked?
You couldn't figure
out what it was.
That is what I'm talking about.
You need professional help!
No, Juliette.
Look, yes, I understand
why you're saying that.
There's one more thing I
can do to prove to you...
Nick, please. Stop,
okay! You're really scaring me!
I don't want to scare you I
just want you to know the truth.
Come with me. Just give
me this one last chance.
Hey, Nick, Juliette.
What a pleasant surprise!
I think.
Come on in.
So, um, can I get
anybody a drink or...
Okay, you need to tell her.
Um, tell her...
About you, about me,
about everything.
You know, I'm really sorry.
I have no idea what he expects you to do.
Monroe, you need to show
her what a Blutbad is.
Okay, I... You want
to explain to me
how we suddenly arrived
at this crucial crux
kind of a zenith pinnacle moment?
Juliette got scratched by a cat.
Um, well, that's too bad,
but I'm not sure how
that qualifies...
The cat belongs to Adalind. Oh.
That's actually not so good.
And I took her to the trailer.
Adalind? No, Juliette.
I showed her everything,
I told her everything.
She thinks I'm crazy.
Okay.
So we're just kind of
jumping out of the old airplane
without a parachute here, huh?
Monroe, you're my last chance.
You have to do this.
Nick. Enough.
Juliette, I don't care if
you believe me anymore.
I'm just worried about you.
You're worried about me?
You don't understand what
Adalind is capable of.
I'm going home. This is ridiculous.
Okay, okay. Just give me
a second to get into it.
Juliette, wait, wait.
Okay, Juliette,
Monroe is going to show
you something right now.
Nick. Just wait.
Now, Juliette, remember,
what you're about to see
is just me.
Juliette?
Oh, God. What happened?
What did I do? l warned her.
I told you what would happen if...
Look, this doesn't have
anything to do with you.
We have to get her to a hospital.
Oh, dude.
We're canvassing the area hoping to
find someone who's seen the suspect.
Yeah, I've seen him. When?
Checked in this morning.
Paid for three days, cash.
What room is he in?
Ma'am? Hey.
Hey, stay where you are.
Robinson, stop her!
Ma'am, stop now.
Hold up.
What else did she tell you
about this cat? Anything?
Just that Adalind brought it in,
and it scratched her.
And she wouldn't believe
anything I said about Adalind.
That's why I brought
her to the trailer.
That's why I brought her to you.
Okay, I get it.
But I got to tell you, it was a little
on the short side for a warning.
When did she get scratched? Today.
Look, Nick, I know you're hoping
the doctors are going to be able
to do something for her, but
you saw what happened to Hank,
you saw what happened
to your sergeant.
We got to get our hands
on that cat, man.
Detective Burkhardt? Yeah?
We have her stabilized.
If this is an infectious disease,
she'll need to stay quarantined.
Normally, cat scratches
are not that dangerous,
so there may be something
else going on here.
The tests are going to
take quite a while to run.
There's nothing more
you can do right now.
I suggest you go home.
As soon as we know something,
we'll call you.
Look, Nick,
I know you want to stay
here and be with Juliette.
I do.
But that's not going to help her.
Let's find that cat.
All right.
Yeah. Nick.
Sergeant Wu got a hit on
Kimura at the Palms Motel.
But when they went to check on the room,
they were attacked.
Are they okay? For the most part.
But it wasn't Kimura.
It was a woman.
And we're thinking he's working with
a woman who's not to be messed with.
So watch yourself. You, too, Hank.
We keep the cats on this side.
If we kept them with
the dogs and the birds,
they'd be screeching and
hollering all night.
Okay, how do we know which
is the cat we're looking for?
Well, the name of the
owner is on every cage.
Do you know the name of the owner?
Yeah, Schade. Adalind Schade.
Okay.
Oh, hello, Majique.
You don't look very sick to me.
Yep, that's probably the one.
How's it going?
Everything all right?
Yeah, there's nothing
happening out here.
All right. See you in the morning.
All right, stand back. Stand back.
Don't get too close.
We got to knock this thing out.
If you don't have any
drugs that'll do it,
a 2x4 would be fine by me.
How's Juliette? We don't know yet.
I'm so sorry, Nick.
You think you can
figure out what this is?
I'm going to do my best.
First, I have to
test the cat's claws,
but if I can't get it from the cat,
I'm going to have to see Juliette.
Okay. Are you good here for now?
Not really. Yes.
Hey, where you going?
I'm going to find Adalind.
Maybe it just doesn't like me.
Blutbaden and house
pets don't really mix.
Except, you know, as the
occasional between-meal treat.
I'm going to start with
some Valeriana officinalis.
All right.
No, no, no. Don't shoot.
Hey, come on. Put it down.
Who were you shooting at?
Adalind!
Yeah? He was here
at my house, Nick.
Tore it apart.
All right, I'm on my way home.
If he hit your place,
he's probably going to hit mine.
Is Juliette home?
No. Well, don't let her go home.
She's in the hospital.
What? What happened?
Is she okay? I don't know yet.
But I can meet you at your place.
No, you stay.
You take care of yours.
All right. Then call for backup.
Don't worry. I will.
You sure this is going
to knock that feline out?
It won't knock it out, it will
paralyze it for about 30 minutes.
That should give us enough to
check its claws and saliva.
Okay, lift the cover.
You are the Grimm.
You have the coins.
Give them to me.
I'll give you this!
You killed my parents!
Why did you kill them?
Find what you were looking for?
Nick.
Nicky, it's me.
Mom?
www.tvsubtitles.net